hello everyone and welcome to let's play
megaman 3
taking a little diversion from the
Knights of the Old Republic let's play
again even though I'm really close to
being done cuz I said I would and so
we're going to play megaman 3 which is
probably my favorite game from the Mega
Man franchise to is pretty popular too
and this song is awesome
the ever go see video games live which
you should do if you get the opportunity
to tour the world I'm sure they're
nearby they come they may play a an
arrangement of dr. wily's theme for
megaman NT with this song and the theme
from mega me too it's absolutely amazing
okay we're at the loom I could listen to
that all day actually if you go to OC
remix to work I don't know if you're
familiar with overclocked remix they're
in my subscriptions they've got one
called like blue bomber or something and
it's a can't remember the exact word but
its a mix of the Mega Man 3 title screen
it's boss you should check it out Mega
Man 3 also has the Honorable fact of
being the only video game I ever
received as a present before my abba
life I was a kid back when I was a kid
everyone thought video games would rot
your brain especially Japanese
but really my grandma didn't care and so
I received Mega Man 3 for Christmas so
if you're familiar with the Mega Man
formula which you should be there's one
interesting little twist in Mega Man 3
there's eight robot masters in every
game and typically one of their weapons
will work against there we go Warwick
against one of the other ones and
there's this nice little cycle so like
weapon one works against Robot Master to
weapon to work sven against robot master
three biggest course you get the weapons
of the robot masters you defeat
the crazy thing in this one is there's
two closed loops meaning you're gonna
have to find very like there's a circuit
of five robot masters up can we do it
without taking a hit yes we can so
there's five robot masters who have
weapons that all work against each other
and then there's three more so get used
to fighting with the Mega Buster real
men only use the mogat Buster though
I've detailed how I hold the controller
in my mega man x let's plays but one of
the consequences of it is it's hard to
shoot super fast while you're jumping
because typically let go of the jump
button I do something to take note of
wonder if we can do the entire state
without taking hit be careful on these
things
you move back and forth they can really
screw up a jump you haven't taken a hit
yet in its top man who's a bit of a
chump trick is not to watch when he
moves just keep your eye on the middle
makes it easier to avoid his hits if
you're watching when he goes he can
really fake you out because he doesn't
attack you for a disturbingly long
amount of time boom zero hits everybody
top man was the first robot master I
ever beat I also maintained I had a
really weird glitch one time when I
could like stand on his tops and like
energy can started appearing never seen
him before or since but it happened I
wouldn't make something like this up
give yourself five points if you believe
me all right that was taught man
everybody next time we're gonna take on
well we get to the chase and take on
shadow yes